v2.45 (Fri May 7)
Zumi Library 1.60
    Hotfix on bug: fixing play_note() error in lesson about audio, which is also related to personality.happy() issue
    Added new python Blockly functions in order to make it easier for Blockly to parse information
    Added find_stop_sign_blockly()
    Added find_face_blockly()
    Added get_QR_message_blockly()
    Added show_image_blockly()

----

v2.44 (Mon Mar 29)
Front end
    Hotfix on bug: Language issue where switching to another language, sometimes dashboard & content still appear in first language

----

v2.43 (Mon Mar 29)
Front end
    Hotfix on bug: Regression inline button & circular list buttons aren't behaving as expected
    Hotfix on bug: Updating from 2.31 → 2.42 while in Korean. Settings modal says still in Korean, but content showing up in English.

----

v2.41 (Thu Mar 11)
Front end
    Fixed a Jupyter 404 error
    KNN model dot issue where it only draws one dot
    Korean modal window font size was too big, shrank down
    Fixed issue where it would show the disconnection overlay while updating Korean content

----

v2.40 (Wed Mar 10)
Front end
    Buttons have hover & mouse-down UI behavior
    IMPROVEMENT: X close buttons all consistent
    IMPROVEMENT: Center-align modal windows

Back end
    Major code refactoring for improved stability
    BUG: Socket disconnection during the last network process gets stuck on the loading screen when going to "zumidashboard.ai" for the first time where last network no longer available
    BUG: "Trying to connect..." hangs forever if a socket disconnection happens

Zumi Library 1.54
    Fix get_qr_center() so it returns center, not top left
    Adding drawing PNGs in Screen
    Gyro assist line following function added
    Parameter for "preboot check" skipping, speed up "blockly" potentially
    Added new images for Screen
    
----

2.31 (Thu Dec 31)
Front end
    Added a "Disconnect from WiFi" button to network hover menu
    IMPROVEMENT: Making UX smoother when missing content during language changes
    Drive Mode has a few new "just for fun" features
    Clear up dashboard shutdown behavior, so it doesn't confuse user. Conflicting overlay message and shutdown message
    Calibration button in Drive Mode
    
Back end
    "I'm updated! [happy eyes]" is center on OLED
    IMPROVEMENT: Need a notification sound after an update finishes and after "Dashboard restarting..."
    
Zumi Library 1.52
    "Datas" → "Data" directory name correction
    
----

2.21 (Mon Nov 2)
Front end
    BUG: Socket disconnection occurs when user logs in b/c there's a base content → user content folder copy
    BUG: When user reboots in the same tab, content seems to be missing still
    BUG: If getting stuck on "Trying to connect..." and user refreshes, the WiFi icon doesn't seem to be in right state. Need to clear out session storage.
    BUG: Added a 100 sec timeout to "Trying to connect..." state to refresh the page if it just doesn't go anywhere.

Back end
    BUG: Calibration stuck issue

----

v2.20 (Thu Oct 8)
Front end
    Fixed UI issues and made Color Training wizard with saving public-facing
    BUGFIX: Socket disconnections when opening camera streaming
    BUGFIX: If missing "Zumi_Content_ko" at ~/Dashboard, content shows up as English
    View log, and Copy log into clipboard
    BUGFIX: Camera turns off when user navigates Back on a page where there's a camera stream
    BUGFIX: Overlay shouldn't happen if we see the content loading error modal window
    BUGFIX: Camera turns off when you leave a tab where the camera is running
    BUGFIX: When you go into Drive Mode and the camera is on for some reason, the dashboard shows the "XX" eyes
    BUGFIX: "I can update" false positive trigger on OLED. Close window will put eyes back.
    "My Folder" takes you to the user level directory rather than "Lesson" directory
    BUGFIX: Lessons sometimes missing after update and having edited content, need to reboot to fix. Solving root problem.
    BUGFIX: Grey area behind modal window should close "content loading error" modal window
    Drive Mode mobile layout

Back end
    BUGFIX: Missing Zumi_Content_en/ko directory causes critical problem w/ lessons
    Messaging change "Updating content [loading bar]" --> "Getting latest lessons [loading bar]"
    Removed the message after "I'm updated!" where it says "Zumi updated to v2.2" when it actually means "2.02" to avoid confusion
    Removed "Updated to v1.71!" message for after the content updates. Changed to "Got the latest lessons!" on the OLED.
    BUGFIX: Missing README.md causes critical problem problem w/ lessons
    BUGFIX: Content updater failure error handling (inherited from formerly 2.14)
    Do some math stabilization for battery value sent to front end

Zumi Libary 1.5
    Move_inches method fixed
    Drive commands can be stopped with jupyter stop button. forward, reverse turn etc.
    Doc strings in all zumi.py methods will be updated and corrected
    Doctest will be implemented on 10 commonly used methods.
    Added keyboard interrupt message to replace confusing error message inisde of forward, reverse, turn_left,turn_right, turn, etc.
    Added extra parameter to zumi.line_follower()
    Added zumi.motor_speeds which is set every-time motors are used. This will allow for a future program to prevent Zumi motors from changing dramatically. Also helpful for users to determine what the current motor speeds are set to.
    zumi.parallel_park( speed=15, step=1, delay=0.01,angle = 55) now has angle parameter to tweak the angle it tries to move in.
    zumi.line_follower( time_out, speed=10, left_thresh=100, right_thresh=100,diff_threshold=100) now has an extra parameter for users to tweak.


---

v2.14
Back-end
    BUGFIX: "Couldn't update, please try again," then gets stuck on content update bar

---

v2.10 (Wed Jul 22)
Front-end
    Regression + Color Training wizard launched 
    Updates to UI for AP drop situation
    Implemented PiCam streaming component
    Error handling: "Lesson not found: I had some issues retrieving the lessons. I might need to reboot. [Reboot]"
    Message while updating: "Please wait while I update... After updating is complete, you can [you can go back to the dashboard]"
    Special characters in project names/usernames (_, -)
    BUGFIX: wrong password, clear out navbar

Back-end
    IMPROVEMENT: Clearer update failure message "Couldn't update, please try again" for 10 seconds with notification sound effect
    Starting Flask as a service
    Log for errors when troubleshooting (journalctl)
    "Help me get online" on OLED when WiFi modal is opened
    Error handling on OLED for broken WiFi module

Zumi Library 1.41 
    Create an easier to use method instead of zumi.get_all_ir_data()  maybe zumi.update_ir() method.
    Create screen.print() which will allow users to add text to the draw objects in order to add on top
        Selectable location coordinate
        Selectable size
        Selectable font
        Selectable infill black or white
    Create live graphing methods for screen. screen.graph(x,y)
	Takes 2 parameters the current x value and the current y value
    All Zumi screen shape methods can have inverted color such as black or white, with the fill_in=True parameter
        val = vision.detect_movement(im1,im2) which detects movement has been added
        vision.find_stop_sign(gray) stop sign detector added

---

v2.01 (Thu Jun 23)
Back-end
         Power management off by default

---

v2.00 (Mon Jun 18)
Front-end
    Less intrusive WiFi login UX with modal windows instead
    WiFi login able to get on hidden networks networks (WPA, WEP, WPA2)
    Settings menu version information is simplified

Back-end
    Add instructions to static failsafe page
    Back-end adjusted to handle new WiFi connection process
    OLED says "Hello, Alex!" instead of "Hello Alex!"
    Refactor of back-end code to clear out unused code

---

v1.90 (Mon May 18)
Front end
    Launched our first wizard experience: Learning Gestures
    BUGFIX: Blockly doesn't run when connecting to dashboard thru-WiFi
    Improved approach to explanation overlay to a file-based state
    Enabled touch events for Drive Mode so you can use the arrows on a touchscreen
    Enabled touch events for Code Mode projects so you can tap on a touchscreen
    Fixing the zoom level and alignment on various pages for touch screens
    Login screen text input shouldn't be italic after you click into it
    Turn on eyes automatically when entering Drive Mode

Back end
    Improvements internet checker to improve WiFi stability
    Hidden networks back-end set up
    "I can update!" with notification sound on the OLED when update triggers

Zumi 1.4 
    Added more comment and reformatted code to PEP standard

Zumi.py
    zumi.board_firmware_version variable that keeps track of the board firmware version. Necessary for protection on some methods that don’t work on older board firmware versions.
    Added protection to all methods in which I2C messages would be detected by Zumi Arduino firmware board on 1.0.
    Added line_follow_step() 
    zumi.line_follow_step()
    Added an easier to use method
    zumi.gyro_calibrate()
         
Screen.py
    Changed the image object to initiate in order to be able to draw on top of shared image object.
    screen.draw_rect()
    screen.draw_line()
    screen.draw_polygon()
    screen.draw_ellipse()
    screen.draw_circle()
    screen.draw_arc()
    screen.draw_chord()
    screen.draw_triangle()
    screen.clear_drawing()

Vision.py
    #changed find_face and find_smile to return a list and none instead of -1,-1,-1,-1 and a tuple.
    data = vision.find_face(gray)
	Changed all the color_object to return list instead of tuples.
    find_green_object()
    find_red_object()
    find_blue_object()
    find_yellow_object()
    find_orange_object()
    find_purple_object()

----------

v1.82 (Wed May 6)
Front end
    BUGFIX: Camera stream was using incorrect URL

----------

v1.81 (Thu Apr 30)
Front end
    Fixed URL to connect to Korean dashboard with access to correct Jupyter folder
    BUGFIX: checking jupyter server issue
    BUGFIX: updater issues for dashboard only and dashboard + content


----------

v1.80 (Tue Apr 21)
Front end
    Front-end refactoring
    BUG: Change tab name from "Blockly: Demo Code" to "Blockly for Zumi"
    Improved mobile layout of Code Mode

Back end
    Keep Jupyter server running if the same user logs in again
    IMPROVEMENT: WiFi list refresh keeps dropdown menu open
    OLED says “Hello [username]!” when you log in to your user account

Zumi.py (library ver. 1.3)
    Added into camera library: record mode, save_photo fixed, vflip and hflip instead of cv2 flip every image capture
    IR class now has simple ir functions
    All Korean code has been added to our util library
    Added to screen library brightness, on, off methods
    Fixed move_inches function
    added to pid_reset reset gyro time past
    Added OLED screen scroll
    Added to vision.py find_face(), find_smile() , convert_to_gray(), convert_to_hsv()

----------

v1.74
front end
    Fix URL to connect to Korean dashboard so that it can access Jupyter folder

----------

v1.73
front end
    Quickfix of overlay timing issue

back end
    Add script for moving log directories to "content history" directory
    Add temporary dependency for 'smbus2'

----------

v1.71(Mon Mar 16)
front end
    Clean up unused events and double triggers
    Clear up dashboard update behavior, so it doesn't confuse user
    Visual diagram of what's happening with bridge mode, Add a visual for AP > Zumi > Internet when connecting to WiFi network
    Positioning and placement of "Jupyter Home" button
    Introductory overlay for dashboard screens with check for "don't show this again"
    Added an explanation overlay and link to "Old lessons" in Learn page
    Enabled renaming projects in Code Mode
    Shrank down nav bar, and fixed layering issues
    Positioning so "I'm connected!" icon location matches previous screen
    Message for when PiCam isn't connected properly in stream box
    Use smaller images so images load faster
    "Zumi Documentation" on Settings modal should go to "docs.robolink.com/zumi-library"
    Stop button should display something in place of stream
    Change all "Close" buttons to "Back"
    Change Drive Mode, Code Mode background color
    Change Jupyter Home to My Folder

back end
    Communicate a disconnected PiCam to front-end
    "Please sign in" on the OLED when landing on login screen (including cases when switching networks)
    "I can update!" with notification sound on the OLED when update triggers
    Changing screen to say "I'm updating" and "I'm updated!"
    Korean content updater
    Add country_code=US to hostapd setup

Zumi.py (library version 1.2)
    MPU speeding up init method
    Commented out gyro offset file, redundancy
    Fixing vNone error in Zumi library
    Speed up init method
    Added smooth forward and reverse
    Added smooth turns
    Added move inches
    Added predicted speed variable and slope intercept variable
    Added move coordinates
    Added reset coordinate
    Added code to fix coordinates turning too many times
    Added drive path that takes coordinates
    Added tilt orientation to angle list
    Fixed check arduino is master put while loop inside if statement
    Added message for disable_arduino_preboot for failed state
    Added error checking for divide by zero in get_tilt()
    Added error checking for div by zero in update_angles() ;math.atan(x_acc/dist_y_z)
    Modified pre_boot_to_postboot() added a sleep in loop
    PID Parameters in forward(), reverse()
    PID Parameters in go_straight() and go_reverse()
    Added mpu temperature into mpu_list
    19. Added a get_all_sensor_data() which produces 34 items if the board has a compass

----------

v1.6 (Mon Feb 17)
front-end
    "Learn" page changed to grid layout
    Alpha of Blockly enabled
    Cleaning up and removing old code
    Hard-coded release notes (for now) in settings window
    Fix shutdown button behavior to no hover
    Update phrasing for "on network, not online"
    Increased sizing of Offline Mode link
    Remove "ü" in tab name
    Settings modal placement positioning fixed from being too low
    Fixed shut down modal spacing
    Multiple language on login, Code Mode, Drive Mode
    Connection recovery overlay shows the 4-digit Zumi number
 
back-end
    Deleting project files in Code Mode
    Cleaning up and refactoring library codes
    BUGFIX: OLED screen is able to display unicode WiFi names
    Check all workflow and simplify flow if possible, without breaking current features
    Change "Updating Firmware" to "Updating dashboard"
 
----------
 
v1.52 (Thu Feb 6)
    Fix Jupyter project list in Code Mode
    Blockly folders are included
 
----------
 
v1.51 (Tue Feb 4)
    Changed version number to fix update triggering issue
 
----------
 
v1.5 (Tue Jan 28)
front-end
    Able to handle multiple user accounts with sign-in UI
    Alpha of Code Mode enabled
    Drive Mode runs in color mode by default
 
back-end
    Drive Mode no longer saves images and improved streaming speed
    Drive Mode speed reduced to avoid motor from dying
    Multiple user file management working
    BUGFIX: If content update fails, dashboard gets stuck on an infinite spinner
    Code Mode file management working
    Capable of running a staging environment for developers
    Proper screen behavior after running an update
    BUGFIX: Last Network state behavior fixed
    Closing a Jupyter Notebook tab kills the Notebook process
    Run Jupyter only when you get to dashboard, doesn't start with startup
    Open Zumi eyes when 'last network' feature is triggered and takes you to dashboard
    BUGFIX: Had issues getting onto open networks because of wpa-supplicant file setting
    "Go to zumidashboard.ai..." shows up at the proper moment
    Make a copy of "User1" as a backup, just in case user deletes “User1”
 
---------------------
 
v1.42 (Fri Jan 3, 2020?)
front-end
    BUGFIX: Drive Mode stream was not showing up
 
---------------------
 
v1.41 (Tue Dec 31, 2019)
    back-end
    BUGFIX: Updater problem where content wasn't updating
 
---------------------
 
v1.4 (Mon Dec 30, 2019)
front-end
    Battery icon placement and break point adjusted, doesn't disappear so early
    Enabled basic "Drive Mode"
    Improved updater front-end behavior
 
back-end
    Added the web diagnostics tool to content
    Able to update to a specific version, not just latest
    Unicode for special characters in WiFi name fixed (”  \  ’  ')
    Fail sound when update fails, and screen stays longer
    "Failed to connect" makes a sad sound
    When login fails, "Try Again" button should trigger Zumi screen to go back to "Go to zumidashboard.ai"
 
---------------------
v1.33 (Wed Dec 11)
    BUGFIX: Jupyter notebooks weren't working after running an update. Required a restart to work again.
 
v1.32 (Tue Dec 10)
    Improvement: Fixed order of updater script. Make an exception to prevent server from being down because of firmware updater
 
v1.31 (Mon Dec 9)
    Update to Jupyter 6.0.2 and new Jupyter-core 4.6.2.
    HOTBUGFIX: Fixed issue where dashboard shows up blank
 
v1.30 (Fri Dec 6)
front-end
    Fixed double wifi icon bug on first login
    Behavioral and wording fixes for "got on network, but not online" situation. (z-layer for bubble | drop shadow black | logic/timing of bubble | tooltip location)
    Korean language enabled
 
back-end
    Fix updater opposite triggering problem
    Fix local network infinite loop when router is connected but has no internet
    Generate new lessonList.json file after updating content
    OLED screen shows 'Updated to v1.3'
    Zumi 1.0 integrated
    Fixed a restart issue so that www.zumidashboard.ai is also captured
 
---------------------
 
v1.27 (Thu Nov 14)
    BUGFIX: Fixed a restart issue so that www.zumidashboard.ai is also captured
 
v1.26 (Wed Nov 13)
    HOTBUGFIX: Path issue fixed
    Make "zumidashboard.ai" and "www.zumidashboard.ai" both direct to dashboard

---------------------

Changing to new version number system from here on out, where digits are as follows: [major update].[release][bug fix]
 
---------------------
 
v1.25 (Fri Nov 8)
front-end
    Added a layout for the Learn Mode screen
    Battery icon reads battery percentage or whether charging
    Settings modal window enabled
    Spinning icon in login, and default to "select a WiFi network" in textbox
    Add Zumiboard version number in settings menu
    Disable Kickstarter welcome message
    Entire block is clickable into a Jupyter Notebook
 
back-end
    "Last network" feature (Pablo) (tester: Kristen, Hansol, Leila, Arnold, Jungwon)
     Grabbing battery percentage
     Getting data on settings modal window
     "More ideal" updater w/o multiple users
    Adjusted bootup with "Wake up..." and blinks, because more stable bootup
    Update Zumi library to 0.9
    1.4 of curriculum
    Fixed library driving directions
    wpa_supplicant ghost process isn't running anymore
    We added dependency for psutil

---------------------
 
v1.24 (Fri Oct 18)
front-end
    Zumi dashboard now has greyed-out teasers in the menu of features to come
    On the WiFi login screen, you can now show and hide your password
    In the dashboard navigation bar, in the version number dropdown, you can still run a forced "Update content"
    The Zumi dashboard is now responsive to various screen sizes
    When you lose your connection with Zumi, the dashboard will now have an overlay that notifies you and attempts to recover the connection
    The "Explore" button is currently disabled until it's more polished

back-end
    OS settings can now be updated. It currently does not perform a reboot.
    Additional log files are created for troubleshooting internet connection
    add dependency for matplotlib & pyzbar
    Clicking “Offline mode” disconnects from WiFi if you're previously connected to WiFi
    Zumi doesn't get trapped in "attempt to connect" situation. The dashboard should always timeout somehow.
    The dashboard navigation bar is dynamically showing the version number
    If you connect to a WiFi network and we are able to get on the network, but don't seem to be online, we allow access to the dashboard anyway. We just warn you that we aren't able to get online just yet.
    "Waking up..." with eyes, but no blinking animation
